a nose you loser race it knows you
better fall off trying to the future
red Pollard mr. Howard hi hello none
I'm not afraid you ever horse is good
for something
you don't throw a whole life away just
cause it's banged up a little seems
pretty fast yeah in ever direction it
just needs to learn how to be a horse
again how far you want me to take them
charlie stops let's see what you got boy
Oh
fast your horse just broke the track
record of tampering
well I just think this horse has a lot
of heart dalle even money that this nags
Seabiscuit couldn't even finish six
furlongs I told you look out for
Rosemont it's not my fault
now he's tired of your dad's heart kid
what see out there he lied to us he's
blind in one eye you know throw whole
life away cuz cuz he's banged up a
little
the odds were incredible horse is too
small our jockeys Dubey a dream was
impossible everybody loses a couple and
you either pack up and you go home or
you keep fighting and this story is true
then a small isn't he gonna look a lot
smaller in a second Georgie
Tobey Maguire Academy Award nominee Jeff
Bridges Academy Award winner Chris
Cooper
some point
don't ever stop
Seabiscuit based on a true story
you